README.md, before:

# tiny-steps-baby-blog
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

## Description
Tiny Steps is a full-stack app designed to help parents capture and cherish every special moment of their child’s early years. Built with a working Express.js API, the app uses Sequelize to interact seamlessly with a PostgreSQL database. Tiny Steps allows parents to document milestones, create a shareable photo gallery, and securely track their baby’s memories. It also includes features for easy sharing with loved ones and personalized record-keeping, ensuring that no milestone or memory is ever missed.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Deployed Website URL](#deployed-website-url)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Installation
To install, clone the repository and run `npm install`.

## Usage
Run the application using `npm start`.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing
Welcome to Contribute! Fork the repository, create a new branch, and submit a pull request with your changes. Ensure your code adheres to the coding standards and is well-documented.

## Tests
n/a

## Deployed Website URL
<!-- https://zero11-note-taker.onrender.com/ -->

## Screenshot
### File Structure
<!-- <img src="assets/file structure.png" width="800px"> -->

## Credits
#### Team Members:

Hayden Cook
https://github.com/Hayden-Cook

Lauren Dean
https://github.com/lvdean

Ann Hargrove
https://github.com/agrove21

Taylor McDaniel
https://github.com/tmcdaniel94

Commit message:

edited readme description and added screenshots

README.md, after:

# tiny-steps-baby-blog
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

## Description
Tiny Steps is a full-stack app designed to help parents capture and cherish every special moment of their child’s early years. Built with a working Express.js API, the app uses Sequelize to interact seamlessly with a PostgreSQL database. Tiny Steps allows parents to document milestones, create a photo gallery, and securely track their baby’s memories. It also includes features for personalized record-keeping, ensuring that no milestone or memory is ever missed.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Deployed Website URL](#deployed-website-url)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Installation
To install, clone the repository and run `npm install`.

## Usage
Run the application using `npm start`.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing
Welcome to Contribute! Fork the repository, create a new branch, and submit a pull request with your changes. Ensure your code adheres to the coding standards and is well-documented.

## Tests
n/a

## Deployed Website URL
<!-- https://zero11-note-taker.onrender.com/ -->

## Screenshots
<!-- ### File Structure -->
<!-- <img src="assets/file structure.png" width="800px"> -->
![Home Page](/develop/images/home.png)
![Milestones](/develop/images/milestones.png)
![Sign in](/develop/images/signin.png)
![Tiny Tales](/develop/images/tinytales.png)

## Credits
#### Team Members:

Hayden Cook
https://github.com/Hayden-Cook

Lauren Dean
https://github.com/lvdean

Ann Hargrove
https://github.com/agrove21

Taylor McDaniel
https://github.com/tmcdaniel94
